Re-stage transactions when receiving already unstaged (#362)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

    `IAction`s in the preloaded behind blocks.  [[#272], [#343]]
 -  `Swarm<T>` became to have two more message types: `GetRecentStates` (`0x0b`)
    and `RecentStates` (`0x0c`).  [[#272], [#343]]

>  -  `Swarm<T>` became to stage transanctions again when receiving already

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  `Swarm<T>` became to stage transactions again even if a transaction was
    already received and unstaged due to some error (e.g., invalid tx nonce).
```

>     unstaged.  [[#362]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [[#362]]
```
